I went to college after I did the military. I think that's one way to
do it, but you have a wide range of opportunities for college. If you
ask if you should go to college before you start serving that depends
on what you wanna do. If you wanna have a very good enlisted career,
and you don't plan on becoming an officer then I suggest that you
join the military right away. Officers need a college degree, so
if you get the college degree first then you can become an officer as
soon as you join the military. You can apply to become an officer
and every year thereafter, however you probably wouldn't start your
career four years later. So that could be a hindrance if you wanna have
a full enlisted career. For people that aren't sure what the what
they want to do, I still suggest that they join the military right
away because you can go to school while you're in the military. I took
a few classes myself. So if you decide that college isn't for you then
you didn't waste those four years. Also military college can
be free in many cases. It can be very very cheap, they have the tuition
assistance that can reduce the price by a few thousand dollars or
ultimately make it free and you can down take lots of classes during
your off time. So that means you can kill two birds with one stone,
you can get the work experience and you can do college at night time.
For some people like me, I didn't want the military work to interfere
with my school. I wanted to get As, so that's why even though
I wanted to go to school the entire time that I was in the military,
I waited until I got out so I could use the Montgomery GI Bill, so
I could go to a very expensive university, and so that I could really
focus on my school without worrying about work in the middle. So
between going to school in the beginning if you want to become an officer,
going to school during your career if you're thinking about making
the military a career itself, or doing college at the very end,
so you can enjoy the Montgomery GI Bill, the post 9-11 benefits, and
all the free stuff. You have to decide where you fit in that range.